Look at my back,
look at my back!
Take a look!
Bad!
I've been working out!
You will see!
Did you score?
I shot...
Léo passed the ball to me,
then I shot,
the ball hit the goalie
and then Matheus scored.
Cristiano, Cristiano!
Do the scissors move!
Come on,
come on!
Look at him!
That's enough!
Come on, guys!
Change your course
and speed up at my signal!
Go!
That's right.
That's okay.
Keep off the wall
and start moving your arms.
One, two, three, four...
Let's go, guys!
Come on!
That's right, guys,
let's go!
This is going to be a very
tough match, we must be smart!
We must be smart,
we must work the ball.
Everyone must play
when we have the ball,
and everyone must mark
when we lose it.
Let's go, guys!
It was the first time
I scored playing here,
I'm very happy
I managed to help the team,
congratulations to everyone,
the team was very committed,
thanks for your support!
The victory is all that matters,
I'd like to thank everyone,
and now let's keep improving,
there's a very important
match coming on Thursday,
and we hope to win.
I'd like to say thanks
to God and to our fans!
It's a very important victory,
we scored three points,
we were very committed,
we know we must improve,
especially during the second half,
but we scored the three points,
our fans were crucial,
now we'll try to establish
a winning streak...
playing away to work
our way up the table.
I love you, Santos FC!